[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Now, what
exactly is an intuitive healer?
>>BRIDGET NIELSEN: Tuning into
auras, tuning into energy,
and then being able to heal
those particular disturbances.
>>NOORY: You have
experiences with the ETs
as well, don't you?
>>NIELSEN: I started having a
lot of different encounters,
at first with angels and
other kinds of beings,
but then it went to
extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: If you were
to give a blood test,
would it be all human?
>>NIELSEN: We are
not fully just human.
We do have
extraterrestrial genetics
that we've been mixed with.
>>NOORY: Are you
totally convinced
that you aren't
imagining these things?
>>NIELSEN: Yes, I'm
totally convinced.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: Welcome to "Beyond
Belief," with Bridget Nielsen,
our special guest, an intuitive
healer and personal development
mentor who
specializes in uniting
our metaphysical reality
with modern life.
Bridget, welcome to the program.
>>NIELSEN: Thank you so much.
Thanks for having me, George.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in intuitive healing?
How did that happen?
>>NIELSEN: Oh, gosh.
I mean, through all the
years of my life, even,
especially when I was a kid,
I felt this extra sensitivity,
definitely more empathic
than most kids around me.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>NIELSEN: And so I felt
this intuitive nature.
And so I started
getting into how
I could utilize that to help
people and understand it more.
>>NOORY: Was it genetic?
Did you get this from your
mother or your grandmother?
>>NIELSEN: Definitely.
I got some from--
>>NOORY: I knew it.
>>NIELSEN: You knew it.
Yeah, I got a lot from my
grandmother and from my mom,
but also from my dad's side that
has some Native American in it
too.
So there was a nice combination
that came through for me.
>>NOORY: Now, what exactly
is an intuitive healer?
>>NIELSEN: Someone
that uses particularly
their extrasensitive perceptions
to connect with something
beyond the physical senses,
so tuning into auras,
tuning into energy, and then
being able to clear or heal
those particular
disturbances to then make
everything else in the
sensory world more balanced.
>>NOORY: Are you what they
would call a starseed?
>>NIELSEN: Definitely.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>NIELSEN: You caught me.
>>NOORY: I did.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Now, what's your
interpretation of a starseed?
>>NIELSEN: A starseed
to me is-- also
termed a wanderer-- is a human
that has soul connections,
so what could be
called past lives,
but parallel lives
in future realities
as a higher-dimensional being.
So this could be an
extraterrestrial,
a collective
consciousness, so that you
have an incarnation as one of
these higher-density beings.
>>NOORY: And you're a
starseed from your birth?
>>NIELSEN: You're a starseed
from your birth, yes.
It can be genetic.
But it also can be these other
lives that are coming through
that you remember
something more and then
bring that through to
your mission on Earth.
>>NOORY: What traits pop up
for you to be able to say,
that person's a starseed?
>>NIELSEN: One's sensitivity.
I think that that's a huge one,
these extrasensory abilities.
For me, it's a big need
and desire in the people
that I see that are
starseeds to help and assist
Earth and consciousness,
particularly
at this time, so this
bigger heart or yearning
of service that's beyond just
the conditioning of being
a normal human.
>>NOORY: We may need 10
million starseeds on the planet
right about now, right?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
And luckily, we do have
at least that many, yes.
>>NOORY: Are they
emotional people?
Are you?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah, I would say
that they're more emotional.
They might be shut
down in their emotions,
because they're so sensitive.
>>NOORY: Right.
Are you empathic?
>>NIELSEN: So they
are more sensitive.
Yes, very empathic, telepathic.
They have those
abilities to connect just
beyond language
and what is spoken,
but to something more
between two people,
or in nature, or
with the cosmos.
>>NOORY: So in your
opinion, Bridget,
is being a starseed a
blessing, or is it a curse?
>>NIELSEN: It's
definitely a blessing.
But it can be
challenging, because--
it's amazing, because
you know that you're here
to be of service.
There's more clarity
around your mission.
But the challenge is
that it's uncomfortable,
because this is a lower density
than the most starseed energies
and souls are used to.
So it feels very foreign,
alien, uncomfortable,
like that black sheep energy.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Can you teach
someone to become a starseed?
>>NIELSEN: It's not
something that can be taught.
It's something that
you're born with and can--
>>NOORY: You got
it or you don't.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah because
it's a soul evolution,
is really what it's
at, and keying in
and opening to that
energy that you already
have innately within yourself.
>>NOORY: And can
you fully function?
I mean, can you
have a relationship?
Can you be normal?
>>NIELSEN: That's
a good question.
Yes, you definitely be normal.
You might be-- well, normal
not in a condition sense.
You can't fully feel
alive in yourself.
You can't be a muggle,
as they would say,
or mainstream person.
You are going to
have something that's
unique and different to you.
But you can integrate
with the world.
That's possible.
>>NOORY: The very
well-known Deborah King
talked about being a starseed.
Let's see if it matches up
with what you just said.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>DEBORAH KING: A
starseed is not here
so much to learn as they
are to be of service.
And I want you to ask yourself
if you feel like you're
really here to serve.
Maybe you know lot of
people are here to learn,
but maybe you're here to serve,
to be of service, because most
of the starseeds I've
met, and myself included,
we're here to help move
the people around us up
to the next level of
their consciousness,
because we're all
needing to move up.
Some of us are even working
with the Galactic Council.
I'll get to that in a second.
But a seed-- just
think about it.
A seed is something
that's growing.
And that's what you
may very well be.
You may be emerging.
>>NOORY: You agree
with her, Bridge?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
I loved what she
was sharing, yes.
>>NOORY: Now, she talked about,
briefly, a Galactic Federation.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Who is that?
What is that?
>>NIELSEN: Galactic
Federation is
comprised of many different
extraterrestrial races that
are in common unity for the
common good of the general area
in which we live in the cosmos.
>>NOORY: How does a person
know if they're a starseed?
How does a parent know that
their child is a starseed?
>>NIELSEN: A parent can
see, because there's
something unique.
There's something different.
They can have certain
experiences, certain dreams
with their eyes open,
maybe see certain beings
or certain energies
that, when they're young,
they'll communicate, right?
And then a normal
person can feel
that they're a starseed if
they feel, for me, and tuning
into other people
that have this,
that they feel something
very strong when
they look at the stars and
when they tune into the cosmos.
There's this knowing
of their origin,
being from something more, and
that they're here for something
more.
>>NOORY: Are starseeds
more often women or men?
Does it matter?
>>NIELSEN: Doesn't matter.
All equal there, yep.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And how can
you nurture and awaken
the starseed ability?
>>NIELSEN: Mm.
Well, as she was
just saying, it's
really important to
realize that the term
"starseed" is a key piece to
this, because it's a seed.
And the seed needs nurturing.
And it doesn't always germinate.
So many people
could be a starseed,
but never even awaken
it in this life.
So it's really beginning
to tune into if that's
something that
resonates with you
and then nurture your
uniqueness and start
to connect into more of your
purpose of why you're here.
>>NOORY: Is a
starseed 100% human,
or is there a little
extraterrestrial in there?
>>NIELSEN: I would say
there's usually a little
extraterrestrial in there--
>>NOORY: That's what I thought.
>>NIELSEN: --which most
humans generally have.
So there is a little bit of
extraterrestrial in there,
and then, again,
that soul connection
in other lifetimes
to the cosmos.
>>NOORY: Do they get emotional?
>>NIELSEN: Yes, they can
be emotional at times.
>>NOORY: What triggers that?
>>NIELSEN: I would say they're--
when other humans
are disconnected
from being kind to each other,
being kind to the planet--
>>NOORY: Tears them
apart, doesn't it?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah, when it's
like, this is confusing.
Why are we doing this?
Why are we having wars?
Why are we destroying
the planet?
Why aren't we kind
to each other?
So it's those
confusions of why humans
are destructive
or aren't healthy,
because starseeds are more
collective, more unified
in harmony than in separation.
>>NOORY: Have you ever been out
to a restaurant or some venue,
and you see a couple fighting,
and does it drive you nuts?
>>NIELSEN: It does-- in
the sense that I feel it.
I feel very much so what
they're experiencing.
But for me, one of the
things that's helped,
being a starseed, is
to understand why.
Like, what are the core origins?
What are the core
challenges, was
why I got into healing
work, so that I
could understand why humans
were doing what they were doing.
And when I understood
that, it wasn't as intense
or charged for me to experience
people being in anger
or separation with each other.
>>NOORY: And healing
is not just health.
It could also be emotional
healing, correct?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
Emotional healing,
deep different kinds
of trauma or mental blocks
in the mental body as well.
So there's a lot of
different areas of healing.
>>NOORY: In your
particular case,
as you said, that this started
when you were very young,
did you know that you had
these different abilities?
Or did your mother
have to tell you?
How did you know that there
was something very different
about you?
>>NIELSEN: Mm.
I would go to sleep at night.
And I would pray to the stars.
And I would feel this
communion with them.
And it would just run
through my whole body.
So I felt something
unique, that was different,
that I wasn't taught in
any way to experience.
And then I also could
feel, again, deeply,
other people and other kids.
And I didn't understand.
So my parents didn't quite know
what was happening with me.
But I did feel that
there was something
that was different from
me than other kids.
And I just thought
I was a black sheep.
>>NOORY: At what
point did you realize
you weren't that black sheep?
>>NIELSEN: Once I was introduced
to different levels of healing
work and different
levels of consciousness,
then I realized that
this is why I'm here.
It was like taking
the college test
that I was meant for,
that I could pass,
because it was so innate
and natural to me.
It wasn't something
that was learned.
And so once I got
into the healing work
and met other people like that,
it was very, very helpful.
>>NOORY: So at this young
age, you're realizing,
there's something
different about me.
I understand people better.
I'm a little more emotional,
and I hear people better.
But you have experiences
with ETs as well, don't you?
>>NIELSEN: I do.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
>>NIELSEN: That happened once
I started doing my healing work
and opening up to that
which was beyond the senses.
And then I started realizing
there was so much more.
And once I started letting go
of programs and conditioning,
I started having a lot
of different encounters,
at first with angels and
other kinds of beings,
but then it went to
extraterrestrials
and had some pretty
powerful experiences.
>>NOORY: Were these
direct contact?
>>NIELSEN: Yes, direct contact.
>>NOORY: So you would see them?
They would see you?
>>NIELSEN: Yes,
yes, some of them.
>>NOORY: What did
they look like?
>>NIELSEN: In one instance,
they were light beings.
They were very, very tall.
>>NOORY: Like orbs?
>>NIELSEN: No, actual
tall light beings.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: But glowy?
>>NIELSEN: But glowing, yes.
Glowing, tall light beings that
weren't fully physicalized.
But when you opened your
eyes, you could see that--
>>NOORY: Like angelic?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
But it was very clear that
they were extraterrestrial,
because I was, at
that time, working
with those kinds of energies.
And then, in other cases,
they have been different kinds
of physicalized beings,
such as mantis beings
or other extraterrestrial
races that people would know.
>>NOORY: Where would you be
when you would see these ETs?
>>NIELSEN: Oftentimes, they
were always in the bedroom,
because they're always
connected, in a sense,
to that in between
time and altered
states of consciousness, whether
it's meditation or dreaming.
>>NOORY: Or right
before bedtime.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah,
right before bedtime.
>>NOORY: Always dark?
>>NIELSEN: Or in the
middle of the night.
>>NOORY: Lights are out?
>>NIELSEN: Lights are
out most of the time.
Yes, lights are out.
>>NOORY: And how do
they enter your room?
They just appear?
>>NIELSEN: Yes,
appear in the room.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
question yourself?
>>NIELSEN: I did
question myself.
>>NOORY: In the beginning?
>>NIELSEN: I did
question myself,
especially when it
became that real.
But at the same time, it's
such a visceral experience
that it was one of those things
that wasn't questionable,
in a sense.
And I had already
had a background
in healing and working
with different kinds
of nonphysical beings.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>NIELSEN: So I had
a little bit of a lay
of the nonphysical
land to help me.
>>NOORY: What do you think
they wanted with you?
Or what do they want with you?
>>NIELSEN: A lot of
different things.
I mean, in most of the cases,
they were there to assist me,
assisting in energy upgrades
of some kind for what I needed
to do to continue
fulfilling my mission,
or they could be
coming to give me
certain levels of
information and remembrances.
>>NOORY: We've got
a program on Gaia
called "Cosmic Disclosure."
And Ricardo Gonzalez talks
about his making contact
with the ETs.
Look at this.
>>EMERY SMITH: You
have had direct contact
in the physical and 3D
level with the Apunians.
How did that work?
>>RICARDO GONZALEZ:
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
Over the years, I've
had physical contact
with these extraterrestrials
with human appearance.
And these experiences have
also happened in the company
of other witnesses.
I'm not the only one
who has found themselves
face to face with these beings.
However, the question is, how
do these contact agreements
work with an
extraterrestrial entity?
When I've had to share my
testimony with the media,
sometimes they've
labeled me as being
abducted by extraterrestrials.
I would try to correct
the journalist, saying,
I was not taken against my will.
It was a contact by
mutual agreement.
How does this work?
They extend an invitation to
those people who they feel
would be appropriate
for an experience.
When I say people who are
ready for an experience,
I don't mean people who are
more evolved than others.
I mean people who can
handle the experience
and who would also be
willing to talk about it.
What would be the point of
having an extraordinary contact
experience if afterwards, due to
fear, you keep it to yourself?
So having contact depends a
little more on them than on us.
>>NOORY: Ricardo obviously
chanting to Emery Smith
through an interpreter.
>>NIELSEN: Right.
>>NOORY: But what do you think?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
I think that there's
a lot in there that
is important to note,
which is that there
is a mutual agreement,
which is also an invitation.
And that's a really
good way that people
can begin this
contact, is to invite
it, which means they need to
be ready within themselves
for that experience.
>>NOORY: Are these contacts for
you, Bridget, still occurring?
>>NIELSEN: They are.
They're coming through
in different ways.
A lot of them are coming
through in dream time.
And a lot of them are coming
through in energetic upgrades
coming through my body,
less physical, in-person
experiences.
>>NOORY: Do you summon them, or
do they just show up at will?
>>NIELSEN: It depends.
If there's something that
I'm needing that they can
assist with, they will show up.
But oftentimes, it
is a communication,
asking for assistance or for
guidance on something specific.
>>NOORY: How do you know
you're not being tricked?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah, that's a
really important question.
>>NOORY: That's
possible, isn't it?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
There's all kinds
of beings out there.
It's not just, hey, I'm
open to contact with anyone.
You really want to-- that's why
the invitation is really key,
because it installs free
will into the engagement,
because you don't want
to be interacting--
>>NOORY: Which is
very important.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah, you don't want
to be interacting with beings
that just show up,
but you don't already
have a pre-existing
relationship with.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>NIELSEN: Then you might not
know what they're in there for.
>>NOORY: Is there a
trust factor here?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
Trust is really necessary.
>>NOORY: Are there
tricksters out there, though?
ETs?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: And what are
they trying to manipulate?
What are they trying
to accomplish?
>>NIELSEN: I think,
in some situations,
they are trying to siphon energy
or to throw in their agenda,
right?
So there's all different
kinds of paths and truths
to what humans are
wanting to go towards
or what the different
extraterrestrials are wanting.
And in this case,
particularly, it
can be that they have a
particular agenda of the way
that they think
things should go.
And so it can take
you off course
of your actual true mission
and alignment with positivity
and consciousness.
>>NOORY: You seem very stable.
You seem very likable.
>>NIELSEN: Thanks.
>>NOORY: How do we know you're
not imagining these things?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah,
it's a good question.
I've had a lot of experience
over the past decade of doing
these different kinds
of healing work.
And a lot of them
have been corroborated
with different
actual events that
have happened, like different
things that I've done.
And so I've noticed that
they are corroborated
with real experiences.
And there are also other people
having similar experiences,
which is helpful.
And it's something
that you can just
feel that's a part of the
different kind of understanding
that we're moving into is
not just a mental proof,
but an actual
vibrational knowing.
And that's what part
of this invitation is.
>>NOORY: You tap into your
intuition quite often.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: A lot of people have
that ability, but they don't.
They don't answer that little
voice in their head that says,
don't do this.
Don't do this.
People go ahead and do it,
and something happens to them.
And then they always
say, I knew it.
I should have done that.
Had that happened to you before?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
I do my best to listen.
There are times where I don't.
And I do get slapped a
little bit by the universe
to go in a different direction.
>>NOORY: Because
had you listened,
you wouldn't have gotten
into the mess you got into.
>>NIELSEN: Exactly.
And the listening comes
through many different angles.
Like, there is that
voice in the head.
There is the gut feeling.
There's a lot of body
feeling to it too.
And a lot of it's subtle.
And so it's really
important to take time
to be quiet or more still, at
least a couple minutes a day,
or to be in meditation, so that
you can hear those subtle calls
telling you to move
forward or telling you
to move in a certain direction.
>>NOORY: Are you
totally convinced
that you aren't
imagining these things?
>>NIELSEN: Yes, I'm
totally convinced.
>>NOORY: Have you
told other people?
>>NIELSEN: I have
been public with it,
because I think
that it's important
that when we disclose
in ourselves,
that's a microcosm
of the macrocosm.
And that will help disclosure.
And that'll help other
people come forward
and feel safe to share their
experiences, which will give us
more information of how
to interact with them
and how to connect in
a really positive way.
>>NOORY: What do some
of the people say?
I mean, do they just go, what?
You deal with extraterrestrials?
Or do they accept this?
>>NIELSEN: At first,
there is a questioning.
But oftentimes-- and that
might be in the moment.
It might be a couple of years.
But I've noticed that
people come back around.
And they go, hmm, you know what?
I actually have had
an interesting dream,
or I have had an interesting
experience, or my friend did,
that kind of helps me
understand yours a bit more.
So I've noticed that it might
feel uncomfortable at first.
But it really is helping
the collective conversation
and movement towards this
being more normalized.
>>NOORY: If you were to
give a blood test, and they
analyze it, would
it be all human?
>>NIELSEN: That's
a great question.
I don't know, because
I don't really
want them to have my blood.
>>NOORY: But is there that
possibility that there
could be something strange?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And you're
prepared for that?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah, and--
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>NIELSEN: I feel
OK with all of this,
because I understand
too, in my experience,
and the different science
that I look at too,
is that we are not
fully just human.
We do have
extraterrestrial genetics
that we've been mixed with.
If anyone's watching
the other shows on Gaia,
they would know that--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>NIELSEN: --that there's
a lot happening there.
And so that's a truth
that I feel within me.
And as I've done a lot
of different exploration
in my ancestry and
such, I've found
that there is that
conduit of consciousness
to the stars through our DNA.
>>NOORY: What percent
do you think you are?
>>NIELSEN: I don't know.
I mean, I'm--
>>NOORY: Guess.
>>NIELSEN: I'm majority
human, you know?
But human is mixed with
extraterrestrial genetics.
>>NOORY: 80%?
90%?
>>NIELSEN: I'm absolutely
at least 80% human, yes.
>>NOORY: What's
the other percent?
>>NIELSEN: That's for
us to find out, right?
That's part of the
exploration of this life.
>>NOORY: I think you know.
>>NIELSEN: I don't
actually know.
>>NOORY: So where do
you take this gift?
Let's call it a gift.
>>NIELSEN: OK.
>>NOORY: Where do you take
it next to better humanity?
What do you do?
>>NIELSEN: Continuing
the conversation
of how to integrate
consciousness, these higher
frequencies that people are
experiencing in the awakening
all over the planet, and
bringing those higher energies
into our bodies, into
our everyday experience,
so that we can be of service
to everyone in our lives
and treat the planet
better, to actually
be ambassadors for Earth.
A lot of people are like,
ah, I don't know about Earth,
or I'd rather be out in the
cosmos, or something like that.
But actually, this is
an incredible planet.
And it's an incredible
time and gift to be human.
So a lot of my message
is how to integrate that.
>>NOORY: What is
ancestral healing?
>>NIELSEN: Ancestral
healing is that a lot
of people's challenges and
blocks in their everyday life--
relationships, finances,
those kinds of things--
come from traumas and
blocks that are passed down
in our lineage--
wartime, famine,
all different kinds
of things that actually is
passed down in the genetics.
And so it's really
key in healing,
and then also opening
up to our greater
extrasensory perceptions and to
greater nonphysical abilities,
to clear that way in ourselves.
A lot of our issues
come from this.
So it's really key
to clean that out so
that we can become
more integrated
and receive more clear
communication about our purpose
and how to be kinder humans.
>>NOORY: Can you affect
this ancestral healing?
Or is it what it is?
>>NIELSEN: No, it's
absolutely moldable.
>>NOORY: It is?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
And one of the key
ways to heal it
and to help resolve those
blocks, if you will,
is to just look back
and see what happened,
to acknowledge what happened.
That scene brings
illumination to your ancestry,
to your lineage, so that
more energy, and light,
and consciousness can flow.
>>NOORY: To give
us an illustration,
host Lisa Garr
talked to Denise Linn
about exactly what you said.
>>DENISE LINN: When you begin
to understand that everybody is
acting according to
their upbringing,
and their upbringing is a result
of their parents' upbringing
and--
it keeps going back generations.
And they've done some really
interesting research, what's
called the ancestral syndrome.
And they've found that trauma
travels through the genes,
for example.
It's fascinating.
But then there's even things
that almost seem esoteric.
But it's-- as a result
of scientific research,
religion travels
through the genes.
And so when there is
trauma, for example,
if that is traveling-- if your
great-grandparents had trauma,
literally, there's a biochemical
shift that goes generation
after generation.
And they've done
research with mice.
And they'll program mice to
really dislike the smell of--
what is it?
Sweet cherry.
And then what they've
found is generations later,
mice will have an
aversion to that,
even though they were never
exposed to it, because it
travels through the genes.
>>LISA GARR: The genes, yes.
>>LINN: And so I do work
with past life regression.
But I also do work with going
back into early childhood
and beginning to unweave
some of those patterns
but also to trace
our ancestors back.
And we are-- the Western culture
is one of the few cultures that
doesn't revere the ancestors,
honor the ancestors,
and actually think
about the ancestors.
And to the extent
that you can discover
what those patterns were and
where they live inside of
you is to the extent that you
can begin to release them.
>>NOORY: Bridget, she echoes
a lot of things you just said.
>>NIELSEN: Yes, I
love what she shared.
And it's true, because in
the Western culture today,
we've been disconnected
from our roots, actual--
our ancestral roots and
the physical ground where
a lot of us came from
generation after generation.
And so we've
forgotten that this is
a key part of continuing
forward in a healthy way,
remembering to honor them,
remembering to also clear out
the things that we don't
want to carry forward.
>>NOORY: Would you be
at these ability points
if you did not have
the ET contact?
>>NIELSEN: I wouldn't
be at the ET contact
without the ancestral healing
and without the other healing
work.
I really feel that
that's what opened me up
to be able to handle,
as he was saying,
these contact experiences.
>>NOORY: That's the
driving force for you?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is
cosmic consciousness?
>>NIELSEN: Cosmic
consciousness is
an energy coming from
the universe that
is aligned with oneness,
is aligned with harmony,
is unified in its nature.
>>NOORY: It's what the Dalai
Lama talks about all the time,
right?
>>NIELSEN: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: He talks about
oneness all the time.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
And to us, as
humans, that starts
to get a little bit
confusing, because we're
very conditioned to
think of our separateness
and think of our individuality.
But in actuality, when you
get to higher densities
and higher levels
of consciousness,
you move into oneness.
You move into unity
and truly realize,
on a deep, fundamental
level, that we
are absolutely interconnected.
We are right now.
We just don't
remember that we are.
And so once you get to those
levels of consciousness,
it just is, that you are a
collective, inherent energy,
working as one.
>>NOORY: This intuitiveness
that you possess--
is it good for you,
or is it good for you
helping others, or both?
>>NIELSEN: It's very
helpful for both.
It's been very helpful on my
path so that I can key into
and tune into what feels
aligned to me, what doesn't,
in different areas of my life.
And it's definitely
meant to be of service.
That's why I feel like I have
it, is to help other people.
>>NOORY: I mean, your
80% of you that's human--
>>NIELSEN: Right.
>>NOORY: --you have your
ups and downs in life,
like most humans do.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you tap into this
healing process to better that?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
I do it all the time.
I'm always tapping in.
I'm always utilizing
that ability
to just connect inward
to myself and to go
into different areas
of my body, to go
of my energetic field,
and to let go of those
things that don't serve me.
So I'm doing the
healing on myself
as well, because you
can only heal as well--
other people and help them as
much as you've helped yourself.
>>NOORY: Let me
give you an example,
and you tell me how
you would handle this.
>>NIELSEN: OK.
>>NOORY: Person comes
to you and says,
Bridget, I'm
stressed to the max.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I've got anxiety.
>>NOORY: I don't understand
what's happening to me.
But I'm unhappy at work.
I'm unhappy in a
relationship I'm in.
But they're stressed to the max.
And they've got this anxiety.
How do you
intuitively heal them?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
Well, I mean, there's a
lot of origins where that
could be coming from, right?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>NIELSEN: As you
laid out this example.
I mean, the first and
primary thing for everyone
is to be following your passion,
to be excited for what you're
doing in your everyday life.
That's really, really
essential, and then
to align your life with that,
so your job, your relationship.
So those are just the
surface levels of that.
But you can go deeper.
And I would go a
level deeper and go,
why are you in this
job and relationship
that you don't like?
And maybe it does have roots
in ancestral blockages,
where someone had to overextend
themself for the family,
and so they went into something
they didn't like to do because
of this war or famine, right?
>>NOORY: True, true.
>>NIELSEN: So I would
look at those core roots,
but also just move into areas of
life that are more harmonious.
We have choice.
It doesn't feel
like it sometimes.
But truly, when you are working
with a positive belief system
structure, there is always
choice and the ability
to change into something that
is more alignment with us, which
will be helpful to ourselves,
our relationships, and everyone
around us.
>>NOORY: When does that
person start to see results?
>>NIELSEN: It's really
up to the person,
because the thing
is is I can move
certain energy or certain
blocks or illuminate what
might be going on with them,
which can allow more space
or allow more empowerment
to then make a change.
But it really is up to the
person to make that change
and make that shift
in their life.
And when they do,
it's a cascade.
So many beautiful things unfold,
and a momentum that's positive
starts in their life and
starts affecting everything.
>>NOORY: It's like a
snowball effect, isn't it?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely, yes.
>>NOORY: And it gets better, and
better, and better for people.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
Every little action,
every little shift,
it adds up, because even one
little direction this way
will lead to a big
shift in the long term.
>>NOORY: I used to
have a producer in St.
Louis for my radio show there,
would come into work and say,
I'm going to have a lousy day.
He would bring this black
cloud over his head.
And you know what?
He had a lousy day.
He made it happen to himself.
How do you change an
individual like that?
He was a nice guy, by the way.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But he had
this cloud that he
would bring in all the time.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: He'd walk in that way.
>>NOORY: How do you fix that?
>>NIELSEN: The first
key is asking them
if they're open to changing,
if they're willing,
if they're open to changing.
A lot of people
don't want to change.
And that's the way
that they want to be.
And that's OK.
But that desire, that fire to--
I do want something better.
I do want a better
life or to not have
a cloud over my head every day.
They have to actually have that
desire and openness to change.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>NIELSEN: Otherwise,
nothing can happen.
And just, there's only sadness.
>>NOORY: They have
to do it themselves.
>>NIELSEN: Yep.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of karma?
>>NIELSEN: I believe in it.
>>NOORY: What goes
around comes around?
>>NIELSEN: It does.
What you put out is what
you get back, absolutely.
>>NOORY: I believe that too.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Now, how
ancient is that belief?
>>NIELSEN: Oh, I feel
like it's very ancient.
>>NOORY: I think it goes back
to the beginning of humankind,
doesn't it?
>>NIELSEN: Absolutely.
I feel like a lot of the
caramel we're playing out
right now on Earth has to do
with what came and happened
in the stars.
>>NOORY: Here's an example.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: There was a homeless
person in LA many months ago.
And I just feel sorry for them.
I can't not help
them when I see them.
Whether they come up to
me or I come up to them,
I have to help them.
And I gave this person a
$20 bill out of my heart.
I didn't expect anything.
I didn't even want them to
say, thank you, thank you.
I just gave it to them
because I wanted to.
And that made me
feel better about it.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And then I
went to my post office.
And there was a check there
for $1,500 from my insurance
company that I wasn't expecting.
How does this happen?
>>NIELSEN: George,
that's so beautiful.
It happens because you're in
flow and in synchronization
with positivity.
And positivity is abundance.
You realize that you
are whole, and you
realize that you were connected
to that person, right?
There was that empathic
exchange that was happening.
And because of that oneness,
because of that wholeness,
that relates to abundance.
>>NOORY: So now I give out 20s
all the time, just for fun.
That's right.
How does consciousness tie
into the Inner Earth theory?
>>NIELSEN: Oh, yes.
It's very big, because--
>>NOORY: And describe the
Inner Earth theory for us.
>>NIELSEN: Yeah,
consciousness ties into it,
because the Inner Earth
civilizations-- and the theory
is, which I've had experiences,
which we'll probably
talk about, is that there are
civilizations actually living
inside Inner Earth.
>>NOORY: You believe that?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: In the
center of the planet?
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
They are-- that's where
consciousness comes in.
>>NOORY: Humans or--
>>NIELSEN: They're humans.
Some of them are quasi-humans,
so some off-planet genetics.
>>NOORY: Physical?
>>NIELSEN: Physical.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>NIELSEN: But the
consciousness ties in,
because they're from
another dimension, right?
So they're fifth-dimensional.
>>NOORY: Ooh.
>>NIELSEN: So they
have a different level
of consciousness than us.
So you can imagine it,
just like on the surface
of the planet, when we
want to talk about fairies,
or Sasquatch, or things
that seem mythical, you
can see them.
Kids see them all
the time if you're
in that frequency bandwidth.
So these civilizations are
in this higher-frequency
bandwidth, which not
all of us can tap into,
but they are physical.
>>NOORY: Why would
they want to live
in the center of the planet?
I would miss the sun, the
moon, and the atmosphere.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
Well, they do have
artificial atmospheres
and beautiful
different situations
down there that
are quite amazing.
If anything, they're cleaner
than the surface of the planet,
which is one of the reasons
why they went Inner Earth,
is because the planet became
pretty radiated and toxic
to their preferences that
aligned them with the ability
to stay in that level
of consciousness.
>>NOORY: You may be too young to
remember the original "Journey
to the Center of the
Earth" with Pat Boone.
But inside the planet,
within the planet,
there was a small sun, with
a sky and everything else,
within the planet.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Remarkable.
Is that possible?
>>NIELSEN: Oceans.
Yes, and oceans.
>>NOORY: And an ocean.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Dinosaurs.
They had it all.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
Yeah, they've kept all
the different animals
and plants that have even
become extinct on the surface
down there.
And I'm glad you
brought that up,
because I remember that that
was one of my favorite books
growing up, so--
>>NOORY: It was a classic.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: It was
a classic indeed.
The several ways that you can
experience the Inner Earth
feeling--
watch this.
>> In 1997, Holley Moyes, an
archaeologist at the University
of California, led an expedition
to survey a large cave system
in Belize known as
Actun Tunichil Muknal.
As they followed a bizarre
complex of chambers
three miles into the earth,
they discovered thousands
of offerings to ancient gods,
including the skeletal remains
of thousands of
human sacrifices,
and tools and ceramics made
from the semiprecious stone
obsidian.
What made this find
even more unusual
was that as Holley and her
team followed the trail
deeper and deeper into the cave,
it appeared to have no end.
Where would it
ultimately lead to?
Descriptions of the
caves in the Popol
Vuh, and ancient
Maya creation myth,
has led many to believe these
archaeologists had uncovered
an opening to the
ancient underworld known
as Xibalba, a much-feared
threshold to the afterlife.
>>NOORY: That is remarkable.
>>NIELSEN: Isn't it?
>>NOORY: What was going on
in the center of the planet?
>>NIELSEN: There's
a lot of stuff
going on in the center
of the planet, and even
some of the cave systems
that are just below as well.
I had a friend in South
America actually going
on this trek to a sacred site.
And she was met by all
these reptilians, actually--
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>NIELSEN: --at that time,
that lived at the center,
like just below the
Earth's surface.
And they came, and they
took her and her friends.
And then they did let them go.
But there's positive,
benevolent beings there.
And then there's also
reptilians as well.
So there's a lot of things
going on that we don't see.
>>NOORY: I'm sure you're
familiar with the diary
of Admiral Byrd.
>>NIELSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: And he went into
the center of the planet
and saw these incredible things.
What a story.
>>NIELSEN: It's incredible.
There are so many accounts
from the early 20th century
of these voyages going in.
And because time passes, we
just count them off as fiction.
But there's a real reality
to what's going on there.
>>NOORY: Back to your
ET experiences again--
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I mean, when
you go back home,
is this where it happens?
Or does it happen everywhere?
>>NIELSEN: It happens-- well,
my home is usually in sacred
sites, so places where magnetic
lines, ley lines cross,
which is--
>>NOORY: That's very powerful.
>>NIELSEN: It's a very
important key piece to why
I'm having these experiences.
People can have them in a
skyrise in New York City too.
So it's not saying that
that can't happen as well.
But if you want
more of a frequency,
a consistency to
these experiences,
then I go to Mount Shasta.
Then I'm in Sedona.
Then I'm going to
these different places.
And I have more of
these experiences.
I have more dream time
recollection and guidance.
>>NOORY: I see.
Is there a craft associated
with these visitations of ETs?
>>NIELSEN: Different ones.
So connected with
Inner Earth, I've
had lots of
connections and dreams
in Mount Shasta of 1950s-type
spacecraft going into Mount
Shasta, which is Telos.
There's a lot about that,
connected to the whole Agartha
network.
>>NOORY: They're dreams?
>>NIELSEN: They're dreams,
but they're lucid dreams.
So I'm conscious.
I'm aware.
And I am astrally
traveling to the center
of, say, Mount Shasta on
their ships and exploring.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
been taken on a craft--
>>NIELSEN: Physically?
Yes.
>>NOORY: --somewhere to a
different planetary system?
>>NIELSEN: Usually not quite--
yes, but not usually not,
usually just outside of Earth.
>>NOORY: What's it like?
>>NIELSEN: I mean,
it's different
depending on which beings
I'm interacting with.
Some of it is absolutely
ecstatic, like just
so beautiful and so high.
And then some of them
that were more abduction
experiences can be more dense.
>>NOORY: Were you scared?
>>NIELSEN: At times, I
was, when I was younger,
with the abduction experiences.
But for the most part,
because I somehow
remembered that there was
a purpose to all of it,
and I understood that,
it made me less scared,
say, than other people had--
when they have experiences.
>>NOORY: How do they
communicate with you, Bridget?
Telepathy?
>>NIELSEN: Telepathy
is the primary means
of communication, yes.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
>>NIELSEN: Which beings?
>>NOORY: Any of them?
>>NIELSEN: Any of them.
I think generally,
they're wanting--
well, some of them are
wanting the betterment
of their own races.
Some of them are wanting energy.
There's lots of
different reasons.
But the benevolent
ones are wanting
to help Earth, because
they realize, just
like on a personal level--
>>NOORY: Huh.
So they do care about us?
>>NIELSEN: Yes, the
benevolent ones definitely do.
>>NOORY: David Jacobs,
great ufologist,
says there's a very nefarious
purpose for visitations.
He said, be very, very scared
of why they're coming here.
You don't seem to think that.
>>NIELSEN: No, that's not my
experience with some of them.
Some of them, I do
agree with that.
>>NOORY: Oh, you do?
>>NIELSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Have you
had a bad experience?
>>NIELSEN: I've had telepathic
and energetic experiences,
where, say, darker reptilians
want to kind of creep
in energetically.
And I can feel it.
And I just say no.
Like, you're not allowed here.
And that energy-- but that's
depending on my energy, right?
So much of what we're connecting
to out there and which
types of beings we're
calling in or connecting with
depends on our frequency,
conscious and subconscious.
So it's really important.
But there are benevolent
extraterrestrials, absolutely,
that are wanting to help us,
because they realize that we're
a part of them, because
they're operating on unity,
oneness, consciousness.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>NIELSEN: So they
want to bring with them
the kind of outliers, right?
The ones that are-- it's
like the broken pieces in us,
maybe those subconscious pieces,
maybe those fragmented aspects.
When we're doing
different healing work,
we want to include them.
They're a part of us.
We want to bring them with us.
And these extraterrestrials
think of us like that.
We're a little microcosm
of their greater macro.
And so they want to help us.
And oftentimes, we
are them, right?
Because we're in many places
at once on soul levels.
And so there is that
collective consciousness effort
for that positivity.
>>NOORY: Do you work with other
clients and try to help them?
>>NIELSEN: I do.
I usually do group
settings, different kinds
of online courses or
in-person programs.
I'm not doing as much
one-on-one connection
anymore, because have a lot of
people that I'm working with,
but absolutely.
>>NOORY: Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief," Bridget.
Fascinating work.
>>NIELSEN: Thank you so much.
Thanks for having me, George.
>>NOORY: She's an
intuitive healer,
which means she's healing
not only the physical,
but the emotional.
And she gets it done.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]